Fix links (#338)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/create_edit_pages.md

|Save draft|Save the page draft*.|
|Delete draft|Delete the page draft.|

> * To help you preserve your work, system saves drafts of content items automatically. For more information, see [Autosave](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/content_management/content_versions/#autosave).

Author: ```suggestion
* To help you preserve your work, system saves drafts of content items automatically. For more information, see [Autosave](content_versions.md#autosave).
```

I found few others, I'll fix everything in on commit.

> * To help you preserve your work, system saves drafts of content items automatically. For more information, see [Autosave](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/master/content_management/content_versions/#autosave).

Author: Fixed in 365ace186a63286b9640e88a8b44e7af13aaa3ea
